# 4thYearDemo
A small proof of concept demo for my fourth year project.

The project to be developed is a 3d generated simulation which will portray game theory. The title of the project is ‘Game Theory: Modelling a simple society”. It will simulate an ecosystem consisting of at least two species of animals (a predator and a prey), a food source for the prey and a water source for both animals. There will be many factors which will directly influence behaviour. These factors may consist of different attributes like thirst, hunger, gestation period and fatigue which then depend on different individual attributes like age, speed, selfishness, fitness and size. 


We would like to start by modelling the landscape to cement the basis for the simulation. Upon full development of the landscape we will then begin releasing animals into the landscape and analysing their behaviour. From there we can create multiple scenes in which we can alter many factors. We will alter the amount of animals/plants, the strength of attributes, the availability of water sources etc..

At a base level the system is being built to observe the kind of situations that need to be in place for elements of cooperation or uncooperation to occur in a society, will an agent act in its own self interest? Or will it act in a way that benefits the long term survival of its species as a whole and what elements in a society force an agent to grow and adapt to its surroundings..There will be two (minimum with the hope to add more) species inhabiting our society, one which finds its food from the environment itself (grass, fruit, etc..) and one which relies upon the other species of animal as its food source. We hope to use this as a driving force for cooperative and uncooperative behavior, as the more docile species needs to gather its food, it may share food with other animals of the same species. As its being hunted by another species the more docile species may try to signal to the group as a whole about the presence of a nearby predator and incorporate a sort of flocking behavior. As the predator must source food that actively tries to elude it, it might inherently be more selfish, unwilling to share its food source with other agents. However, as the predator species starts reproducing it may inhibit signs of cooperation opting to share food with offspring or protecting its offspring from other agents of different species.
